DOCS-820: Refactor Install Guide IA pass (#1365)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/manage/configuration.md

If you run into issues, here are some things to try:

> - Check the **Logs** tab in [the Viam app](https://app.viam.com) to view log messages and errors from `viam-server`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Check the [**Logs** tab](/manage/fleet/robots/#logs) to view log messages and errors from `viam-server`.
```

- [Data Management](/manage/data/)
- [Machine Learning](/manage/ml/)

> However, if you are configuring a robot that can never connect to the internet, you can manually create a [local configuration file](/appendix/local-configuration-file/) on your robot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, if you are configuring a robot that can never connect to the internet, you can create a [local configuration file](/appendix/local-configuration-file/) on your robot.
```
I don't like the word manually here because you don't ahve to manually do it. You can use the app and then copy

Author: Gotcha. I need "manually" for non-app local config (`## Build a local configuration file manually`), but the link from this page should indeed use the generic (choice of in-app or manually not until local-configuration-file.md). 👍
